LTR documentation (#8336)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/ltr/advanced-functionality.md

	
For example, if a title field query is frequently used in your feature sets, then you can create a reusable title query using the feature API:

```json
    POST _ltr/_feature/titleSearch
    {
        "feature":
        {
            "params": [
            "keywords"
            ],
            "template": {
            "match": {
                "title": "{{keywords}}"
            }
            }
        }
    }
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Normal CRUD operations apply, so you can delete a feature by using the following operation: 

```
DELETE _ltr/_feature/titleSearch
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

To fetch an individual feature, you can use the following request:

```
GET _ltr/_feature/titleSearch
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

To view a list of all features filtered by name prefix, you can use the following request:

```
GET /_ltr/_feature?prefix=t
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

To create or update a feature set, you can refer to the `titleSearch` feature by using the following request:

```
POST /_ltr/_featureset/my_featureset/_addfeatures/titleSearch
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> This will add the `titleSearch` feature to the next ordinal position within the `my_featureset` feature set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds the `titleSearch` feature to the next ordinal position within the `my_featureset` feature set.
```

## Derived features

> Derived features are those that build upon other features. These can be expressed as [Lucene expressions](http://lucene.apache.org/core/7_1_0/expressions/index.html?org/apache/lucene/expressions/js/package-summary.html), and are identified by the `"template_language": "derived_expression"`. Additionally, derived features can accept qury-time variables of type [`Number`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/lang/Number.html), as described in [Creating feature sets]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/ltr/working-with-features#creating-feature-sets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Derived features are those that build upon other features. These can be expressed as [Lucene expressions](http://lucene.apache.org/core/7_1_0/expressions/index.html?org/apache/lucene/expressions/js/package-summary.html), and are identified by the `"template_language": "derived_expression"`. 

Additionally, derived features can accept query-time variables of type [`Number`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/lang/Number.html), as described in [Creating feature sets]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/ltr/working-with-features#creating-feature-sets).
```

:---| :---
`analyzer` | If specified, this analyzer is used instead of the configured `search_analyzer` for each field.
`pos_aggr` | Since each term can have multiple positions, you can use this parameter to specify the aggregation to apply to the term positions. This supports the same values as the `aggr` parameter and defaults to `avg`.

### Script injection

Script injection provides is the ability to inject term statistics into a scripting context. When working with `ScriptFeatures`, you can pass a `term_stat` object with the `terms`, `fields`, and `analyzer` parameters. An injected variable named `termStats` then provides access to the raw values in your custom script. This enables advanced feature engineering by giving you access to all the underlying data.

To access the count of matched tokens, use [`params.matchCount.get`]{.title-ref}. To access the unique token count, use [`params.uniqueTerms`]{.title-ref}.

You either can hardcode the `term_stat` parameter in your script definition or can pass them as parameters to be set at query time. For example, the following example query defines a feature set with a script feature that uses hardcoded `term_stat` parameters:

> 

Reviewer: Revised: `pass the parameter to be set at query time`

settings:

    # limit cache usage to 12 megabytes (defaults to 10mb or max_heap/10 if lower)
    ltr.caches.max_mem: 12mb
    # Evict cache entries 10 minutes after insertion (defaults to 1hour, set to 0 to disable)
    ltr.caches.expire_after_write: 10m
    # Evict cache entries 10 minutes after access (defaults to 1hour, set to 0 to disable)
    ltr.caches.expire_after_read: 10m

## Extra Logging

As described in [logging features]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/ltr/logging-features/), it is
possible to use the logging extension to return the feature values with
each document. For native scripts, it is also possible to return extra
arbitrary information with the logged features.

For native scripts, the parameter `extra_logging` is injected into the
script parameters. The parameter value is a
[Supplier](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/function/Supplier.html)
\<[Map](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Map.html)\>,
which provides a non-null `Map<String,Object>` **only** during the
logging fetch phase. Any values added to this Map will be returned with
the logged features:

>     @Override

Author: @sstults can you look at this?   @vagimeli  can you give me a bit more context of what you mean by validation?

>     @Override

Reviewer 2: The code snipped is Java code and is only intended for explanation purposes. The confusion probably arises from the highlighting as this code snippet is marked as json instead of java. I will correct this. The snippet contains proper code.
